feat: Add scroll listener to the nearest scrollable container and allow consumer to disable it (#3408)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/README_NEXT.md

| [`name`](#name) | string |  | Name of the drawing |
| [`UIOptions`](#UIOptions) | <pre>{ canvasActions: <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/types.ts#L208"> CanvasActions<a/> }</pre> | [DEFAULT UI OPTIONS](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/constants.ts#L129) | To customise UI options. Currently we support customising [`canvas actions`](#canvasActions) |
| [`onPaste`](#onPaste) | <pre>(data: <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/clipboard.ts#L17">ClipboardData</a>, event: ClipboardEvent &#124; null) => boolean</pre> |  | Callback to be triggered if passed when the something is pasted in to the scene |

> | [`detectScroll`](#detectScroll) | boolean | true | This implies whether to update the offsets when nearest ancestor is scrolled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`detectScroll`](#detectScroll) | boolean | true | Indicates whether to update the offsets when nearest ancestor is scrolled. |
```

Try out the [Demo](#Demo) to see it in action.

### detectScroll

> This implies whether offsets should be updated when scrolling for the Excalidraw component so that the coordinates are computed correctly (for example the cursor position). This will only take into consideration the **nearest scrollable ancestor**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether Excalidraw should listen for `scroll` event on the nearest scrollable container in the DOM tree and recompute the coordinates (e.g. to correctly handle the cursor) when the component's position changes. You can disable this when you either know this doesn't affect your app or you want to take care of it yourself (calling the [`refresh()`](#ref) method).
```
